Update wCCD tutorial to use the natively-upgradable wCCD contract (#676)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/smart-contracts/tutorials/wCCD/wCCD-front-end-set-up.rst

advanced readers that want to build all the components from the source code and connect the |bw|
to their own hosted Concordium node.

.. note::

    If you already have an older |bw| extension installed, check its version and download a newer version if applicable.

>     The wCCD front-end requires some new features that are supported by the browser wallets version 0.8.3 or greater.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The wCCD front-end requires some new features that are supported by the |bw| version 0.8.3 or greater.
```
